


Handlers and Description


Airbrake
A handler that sends exceptions (only) to Airbrake, an application that collects data and aggregates it for review.

Asynchronous Resources
A handler that asynchronously pushes exception and report handler data to a STOMP queue, from which data can be processed into data storage.

Campfire
A handler that collects exception and report handler data and reports it to Campfire, a web-based group chat tool.

Datadog
A handler that collects Chef Infra Client stats and sends them into a DATADOG newsfeed.

Flowdock
A handler that collects exception and report handler data and sends it to users via the Flowdock API..

Graphite
A handler that collects exception and report handler data and reports it to Graphite, a graphic rendering application.

Graylog2 GELF
A handler that provides exception and report handler status (including changes) to a Graylog2 server, so that the data can be viewed using Graylog Extended Log Format (GELF).

Growl
A handler that collects exception and report handler data and then sends it as a Growl notification.

HipChat
A handler that collects exception handler data and sends it to HipChat, a hosted private chat service for companies and teams.

IRC Snitch
A handler that notifies administrators (via Internet Relay Chat (IRC)) when a Chef Infra Client run fails.

Journald
A handler that logs an entry to the systemd journal with the Chef Infra Client run status, exception details, configurable priority, and custom details.





net/http
A handler that reports the status of a Chef run to any API via net/HTTP.

Simple Email
A handler that collects exception and report handler data and then uses pony to send email reports that are based on Erubis templates.

SendGrid Mail Handler
A chef handler that collects exception and report handler data and then uses SendGrid Ruby gem to send email reports that are based on Erubis templates.

SNS
A handler that notifies exception and report handler data and sends it to a SNS topic.

Slack
A handler to send Chef Infra Client run notifications to a Slack channel.

Splunk Storm
A handler that supports exceptions and reports for Splunk Storm.

Syslog
A handler that logs basic essential information, such as about the success or failure of a Chef Infra Client run.

Updated Resources
A handler that provides a simple way to display resources that were updated during a Chef Infra Client run.

ZooKeeper
A Chef report handler to send Chef run notifications to ZooKeeper.
